Support dev mode (#136)
OpenLiberty/draft-guide-arquillian-managed: README.adoc

You will work with an `inventory` microservice, which stores information about various systems. The `inventory` service communicates with the `system` service on a particular host to retrieve its system properties and store them. You will develop functional and integration tests for the microservices. You will also learn about the Maven and Liberty configurations so that you can run your tests on Open Liberty with the Arquillian Liberty Managed container.

// Getting Started
[role="command"]
include::{common-includes}/gitclone.adoc[]

=== Try what you'll build

To try out the application, navigate to the `finish` directory and run the following commands:

[role="command"]
----

> cd finish

Reviewer: do they run this command after they navigate to finish? wouldn't this put them in `finish/finish` ?

Author: No. So, you suggest to remove `cd finish`?

Author: I removed `cd finish` from the commands

mvn clean package
mvn liberty:create liberty:install-feature
mvn liberty:configure-arquillian
mvn failsafe:integration-test
----

> You will see the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look for the following output:
```

The [hotspot=maven-failsafe-plugin]`maven-failsafe-plugin` artifact runs your Arquillian integration tests by using JUnit.

> Lastly, specify the [hotspot=liberty-maven-plugin]`liberty-maven-plugin` configuration that defines your Open Liberty runtime configuration. When the application runs in an Arquillian Liberty managed container, the name of the `.war` file is used as the context root of the application. You can pass context root information to the application and customize the container by using the [hotspot=arquillianProperties]`arquillianProperties` configuration. To allow connections to the Liberty running in dev mode, set [hotspot=allowConnectingToRunningServer]`allowConnectingToRunningServer` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, specify the [hotspot=liberty-maven-plugin]`liberty-maven-plugin` configuration that defines your Open Liberty runtime configuration. When the application runs in an Arquillian Liberty managed container, the name of the `.war` file is used as the context root of the application. You can pass context root information to the application and customize the container by using the [hotspot=arquillianProperties]`arquillianProperties` configuration. To allow connections to Liberty running in dev mode, set [hotspot=allowConnectingToRunningServer]`allowConnectingToRunningServer` to `true`.
```

The [hotspot=maven-failsafe-plugin]`maven-failsafe-plugin` artifact runs your Arquillian integration tests by using JUnit.

> Lastly, specify the [hotspot=liberty-maven-plugin]`liberty-maven-plugin` configuration that defines your Open Liberty runtime configuration. When the application runs in an Arquillian Liberty managed container, the name of the war file is used as the context root of the application. You can pass context root information to the application and customize the container by using the [hotspot=arquillianProperties]`arquillianProperties` configuration. To allow connecting to the running Liberty in dev mode, set [hotspot=allowConnectingToRunningServer]`allowConnectingToRunningServer` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, specify the [hotspot=liberty-maven-plugin]`liberty-maven-plugin` configuration that defines your Open Liberty runtime configuration. When the application runs in an Arquillian Liberty managed container, the name of the `.war` file is used as the context root of the application. You can pass context root information to the application and customize the container by using the [hotspot=arquillianProperties]`arquillianProperties` configuration. To allow connections to the Liberty server running in dev mode, set [hotspot=allowConnectingToRunningServer]`allowConnectingToRunningServer` to `true`.
```

Open another command-line session and run the `configure-arquillian` goal from the `start` directory to integrate Arquillian and the Arquillian Liberty managed and remote containers with your existing project.

[role="command"]
```
mvn liberty:configure-arquillian
```

Because you started Open Liberty in dev mode, all the changes were automatically picked up. You can run the tests by pressing the `enter/return` key from the command-line session where you started dev mode. Look for the following output:

[source, role="no_copy"]
----
[INFO] -------------------------------------------------------
[INFO]  T E S T S
[INFO] -------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Running it.io.openliberty.guides.system.SystemArquillianIT
...
[INFO] Tests run: 2, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 6.133 s - in it.io.openliberty.guides.system.SystemArquillianIT
[INFO] Running it.io.openliberty.guides.inventory.InventoryArquillianIT
...
[INFO] Tests run: 2, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 2.297 s - in it.io.openliberty.guides.
...
[INFO] Results:
[INFO]
[INFO] Tests run: 4, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0
...
----

== Running the tests

> It's now time to build and run your Arquillian tests outside of dev mode. Exit dev mode by pressing `CTRL+C` in the command-line session where you ran the Liberty in the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's now time to build and run your Arquillian tests outside of dev mode. Exit dev mode by pressing `CTRL+C` in the command-line session where you ran Liberty in the previous section.
```

The [hotspot=localConnector]`localConnector` feature is required by the Arquillian Liberty Managed container to connect to and communicate with the Open Liberty runtime. The [hotspot=Servlet]`servlet` feature is required during the deployment of the Arquillian tests in which servlets are created to perform the in-container testing.

> Open another command-line session and run the `configure-arquillian` goal at the `start` directory to integrate Arquillian and the Arquillian Liberty managed and remote containers with your existing project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open another command-line session and run the `configure-arquillian` goal from the `start` directory to integrate Arquillian and the Arquillian Liberty managed and remote containers with your existing project.
```

[role="command"]
```
mvn liberty:configure-arquillian
```

> Because you started Open Liberty in dev mode, all the changes were automatically picked up. You can run the tests by pressing the `enter/return` key from the command-line session where you started dev mode. You will see the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because you started Open Liberty in dev mode, all the changes were automatically picked up. You can run the tests by pressing the `enter/return` key from the command-line session where you started dev mode. Look for the following output:
```

[source, role="no_copy"]
----
[INFO] -------------------------------------------------------
[INFO]  T E S T S
[INFO] -------------------------------------------------------
[INFO] Running it.io.openliberty.guides.system.SystemArquillianIT
...
[INFO] Tests run: 2, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 6.133 s - in it.io.openliberty.guides.system.SystemArquillianIT
[INFO] Running it.io.openliberty.guides.inventory.InventoryArquillianIT
...
[INFO] Tests run: 2, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 2.297 s - in it.io.openliberty.guides.
...
[INFO] Results:
[INFO]
[INFO] Tests run: 4, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0
...
----

== Running the tests

It's now time to build and run your Arquillian tests outside of dev mode. Exit dev mode by pressing `CTRL+C` in the command-line session where you ran the Liberty in the previous section.

> Run the Maven command to package the application. Then, run the `liberty-maven-plugin` goals to create the Liberty instance, install the features, and deploy the application to the instance. The `configure-arquillian` goal configures your Arquillian container. You can learn more about this goal in the https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.maven/blob/main/docs/configure-arquillian.md[configure-arquillian goal documentation^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the Maven command to package the application. Then, run the Liberty Maven Plugin goals to create the Liberty instance, install the features, and deploy the application to the instance. The `configure-arquillian` goal configures your Arquillian container. You can learn more about this goal in the https://github.com/OpenLiberty/ci.maven/blob/main/docs/configure-arquillian.md[configure-arquillian goal documentation^].
```
